my name is john burroughs i'm here today
to talk to you about the Aqua view micro
camera this is a neat little tool that
small compact that anyone can keeping
their boat or tackle box at any time
this in come in handy and looking for
structure fish or a min if you drop your
keys in the lake I'll show you what
comes in the package straight from when
it's brand new you will get a package
just like this right here with the Aqua
view micro AV you open it up you will
have missing parts view a micro AV
complete pocket-sized underwater camera
system this is your instruction so i
recommend you reading these any time you
get something new like this that you
have never used it's easy and simple but
i still recommend you in optimal
varmints I right in your instruction
manual your warranty card which is
living it for one year warranty you're
off the view camera keep camera screen
and micro camera now if you can't tell
how big this is my thumb is about a
half-inch sit right on top and they
actually covers the whole head of this
camera this is an awesome awesome little
tool that can be used in water to find
structure all kinds of neat stuff you
have a charger this is the AC charger
you have a wrench now this wrench is use
if you flip your camper just screen over
you can see this there's a boat the kid
keeps that on this is used to tighten
that up right there you will find in
here you have two hangers and a holder
to hold a wrist sling for the viewer
this is the real this camera plug is
like a phone jack just plug it right
into the side here just like it's right
here the old off switch is right on the
side open if you can see this flip it on
and you're up and running this camera is
absolutely positively need everybody
should have one of these they're small
compact set this down right here now if
you happen to drop your camera just like
I did it flipped upside down have some
neat little features this button right
here to flip the angle of it and turn it
back up to normal you have a brightness
you have a barrier life you have a zoom
it has a three-time zoom and then you
have your brightness contrast saturation
and reset this is an awesome awesome
little tool that everybody should have
in our arsenal for locating stuff you
can actually see picture images of the
actual structure and fish went straight
up to the camera just like it's not even
there I thank for watching god bless
have a great day I'm sorry Bruce